[tutorial] consistent voice (#4700)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/tutorial/2-pages/1.mdx

import PreCheck from '~/components/tutorial/PreCheck.astro';

> Now that you know that `.astro` files are responsible for pages on your website, you'll create one!

Author: ```suggestion
Now that you know that `.astro` files are responsible for pages on your website, it's time to create one!
```
